♻️ Chore: Update Docs (#163)
astrolicious/studiocms: www/docs/src/content/docs/plugins/studiocms-blog.mdx

   <PackageManagers type="exec" pkg="astro" args="add @astrolicious/studiocms-blog" />

2. Update your config file as shown under [Example Config](#example-config) below.
</Steps>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Manual Method">
<Steps>
1. Install the package using the following command:

   <PackageManagers pkg="@astrolicious/studiocms-blog" />

2. Add `@astrolicious/studiocms-blog` to your astro config file:

   ```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={3, 15-20}
   import node from '@astrojs/node';
   import studioCMS from '@astrolicious/studiocms';
   import studioCMSBlog from '@astrolicious/studiocms-blog';
   import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';

   export default defineConfig({
      site: 'https://demo.astro-studiocms.xyz/',
      output: 'server',
      adapter: node({ mode: "standalone" }),
      integrations: [
          db(),
          studioCMS({
              dbStartPage: true, // After the first time running the dev server and following the instructions at http://localhost:4321/start this will be set to false.
          }),
          studioCMSBlog({
              config: {
              title: "My StudioCMS Blog",

>               description: "A Simple Blog build with Astro, Astrojs/DB, and StudioCMS.".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: "A Simple Blog build with Astro, AstroDB, and StudioCMS.".
```

---
title: "@astrolicious/studiocms-blog"
description: "StudioCMS Blog Integration"
banner:
  content: |
    StudioCMS-Blog does not yet have a public release. This documentation is a preview of what's to come.
---

import { PackageManagers } from 'starlight-package-managers';

# Introduction

#### Powered by [`astro-theme-provider`](https://github.com/astrolicious/astro-theme-provider) by [Bryce Russell](https://github.com/BryceRussell)

This Astro integration enables the StudioCMS Blog feature in your Astro project. This integration will allow you to create, edit, and delete blog posts in the StudioCMS dashboard.

## Installation

<PackageManagers type="exec" pkg="astro" args="add @astrolicious/studiocms-blog" />

## Usage

### What does this integration do?

> This integration will add the following new routes to your StudioCMS Controlled Front-end:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration will add the following new routes to your StudioCMS Controlled front-end:
```
